https://codepen.io/jonhann/pen/mdyPwNM?editors=1100	
	
	1. What is Semantic HTML?
	Semantic HTML or semantic markup is HTML that introduces meaning to the web page rather than just presentation.
	
	2. What is HTML used for?
	HTML is used to create pages that are displayed on the browser.
	
	3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
	The attribute specifies which form element a label is bound to. It's used together with the <label>element.
	
	4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	h1 tag is a header tag that prioritizes it as the main header. It should normally be used only once for the title or main header.
	
	5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	url, img
	
	6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
	<head></head>
	
	7. What is an id?
	IDs are only allowed to be used once per HTML page. We use IDs for very specific reasons that can’t be accomplished using a class.
	
	8. What elements can I add an id to?
	You can only have one ID per element
	
	9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
	only once
	
	10. What is a class?
	Classes allow us to select individual elements by placing a special attribute in our HTML.
	
	11. What elements can I add a class to?
	We can use the same class over and over again on many elements.
	
	12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
	We can use the same class over and over again on many elements.
	
	13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	using anchor tags
	
	14. What is the alt attribute used for?
	for imgs
	
	15. How do I reference an id?
	using the id = ""
	
	16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	The <section> tag defines sections in a document, such as chapters, headers, footers, or any other sections of the document. ... The <div> tag defines a division or a section in an HTML document. The <div> tag is used to group block-elements to format them with CSS
	
	17. What is CSS used for?
	To stylize the HTML.
	
	18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	we call on the element and curly brackets. Example: h2{
	
	}
	
	19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	In the CSS, a class selector is a name preceded by a full stop (“.”) and an ID selector is a name preceded by a hash character (“#”). The difference between an ID and a class is that an ID can be used to identify one element, whereas a class can be used to identify more than one.
	
	20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	.class
	
	21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	p .human{
	
	}
	
	22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
	The ("parent > child") selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.
	
	23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	div .sidebar{
	
	}
	
	24. What is a pseudo selector?
	A pseudo-class is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state, e.g. they are the first element of their type, or they are being hovered over by the mouse pointer
	
	25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-height
	
	26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing
	
	27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	text-trasnform: uppercase/lowercase/capitalize
	28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	div{
	border: 1px dotted black;
	}
	29. How do I select everything on the page?
	*{
	
	}
	
	30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	//
	
	31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
	cd
	
	
	32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	ls
	
	33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
	rm command
	34. Why should I use version control?
	Version control helps teams solve these kinds of problems, tracking every individual change by each contributor and helping prevent concurrent work from conflicting.
	
	
	35. How often should I commit to github?
	As often as possible.
	
	36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
	git push -u origin firstname-lastname
	
	37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
	Student will create OWN version of Repo (Fork)
	Student will add TL as a collaborator
	Student then will Clone Repo
	Student will then create a branch (on which the student will implement the project) git checkout -b 'firstName-lastName'
	Student will then submit their PR into the new branch.
	Student will use their own student fork as the base (compare across forks).
	Student will add their TL as a reviewer on the PR
	TL then will count the HW as done by merging the HW back into master “STUDENT FORK”.

small change